I need you to create me a standard WordPress plugin for an inventory management system for Chinemerem Foods, i will list the features on the site and how you'll go about it. make sure all the codes are clean, efficient and error free, there should be no mistakes or errors in the codes, implement all the features with the maximum skill of professionalism as the best developer i can root for.

NECESSARY FOUNDATIONAL GUIDE TO BUILD THIS SITE

1. the site background is white with dark navy blue hues and shadows, the buttons should be blue in color with white texts, the headings should be dark navy blue in color, this should be very clean and sleek in look and feeling, the checkboxes should take the color theme for the site as well

2. make sure to implement curved border like glass like glass morphism with transparency with dark navy blue shadows fading into the white background for cards and sections across the website which should be very beautiful and sleek

3, the site should be blazing fast with swift page loads, use real icons across the site where necessary 

4. add scroll animation progress bar to the scroll to top icon on the lower right hand side with theme colors

5. create a sleek and befitting logo for this brand using the brand colors i provided

6. create an offline feature for the site and web app so users can take orders offline, when they  come online the orders sync and any other offline feature it can handle on the website

7. there should be a bottom navigation menu items for mobile version which includes, home, take order, Stock, financial summary, Transfer History, profile, make sure they are sleek, beautifully and properly arranged which is constant on all pages including the homepage

8. create a home page which have these contents in it, take order, order preparation, stock inventory, Packing Store, Debtors record, Expenses Record, Import Record, not supplied record, supplied today record, Take Order Product Summary, Credit Order Product Summary, Cash Out Record, Transfer History, Cash Out Transfer History, financial summary, Reconciliation Calendar, with their buttons and visible colored texts that link to their respective pages with real icons and short descriptions with clean and sleek glass morphism cards. the buttons across the site should be small and standard in size

9. create a sleek header section with login logout button at the right end, beautiful and sleek hamburger menu  for the mobile version. create a sleek footer section with just copyright and designed by BendlessTech. the header section will carry the name of logged in user and role, current date and digital clock in real time which is constant on all pages including the homepage

10. all the buttons should be functional and carry out their respective functions effectively with no errors(in repeating this to show how important this is)

11. make sure that all form integrations are properly linked and calculations happen in real time and efficiently.

12. create a sleek and functional login page for staffs and admin where they are allowed to only login, after admin manually adds them as users/staffs. note the login should log users in and redirect them to the homepage where they can access other pages as well.

13. guest users can only see the login page when they access the site.

14. there should be a dedicated admin panel on the frontend page where the appointed admins can add new products, prices, quantities, delete,, edit or modify across all the tables in all the pages on the site. the super admin which is the WordPress admin should be able to add edit delete update table contents and also history contents as well like deleting histories, or editing them for all the pages across the website

15. pages should be full width and auto created on plugin activation.

16. note when admin add new products, change prices or make any updates to products, it should take effect across all the tables in the site accordingly

17. make sure that the table show all contents on the mobile version without having to scroll horizontally across tables just as it will on the desktop mode

18. values on the table reset after the day is over except for opening and closing values where the days closing value becomes the next days opening values. in the financial summary form, cash left today becomes the value for old cash tomorrow.

19. tables that are linked, update their values immediately on the linked form immediately they submit the records from the tables supplying the values to get populated automatically in real time.

20. the prices should be formatted properly with commas like 3,000, 30,000, 3,000,000 and so on, the fields should allow for decimal values such as 3.5 2.56 and so on across all tables on the site

21. when histories are stored for a day and the day is over any update made on values will be recorded as changes made on in the new day 

22. history tables should have columns for time, date and staff that inputted the records, for the next day, the history automatically opens a new column for it for all the history tables

GUIDE TO CREATE THE PAGES ON THE WEBSITE

1. create a take order page with a sleek glass morphism table which has smart columns of Items, Price in naira, Quantity, Discount in naira which subtract the amount from the calculated amount, total in naira. note when inputting values in the fields, the fields should be smart to input the exact values typed, if i input 2 i should see 2, if i input 30, i should see 30 i don't need to delete 0 to input 30 or move my cursor in front of 0 to input 3. the calculation update in real time as values are being inputted. at the bottom of the form, users should see total, total quantity and total price. the next section is payment section which has transfer/cards and cash. when staffs click on transfer/cards a section reveals which allows them to select either moniepoint mfb or access bank plc which the selection should be on moniepoint mfb by default, if a customer pays using both payment methods, they can select transfer/cards and cash at the same time which a section reveals where they can put the particular amount for transfer/card and for cash as well which should be smart to make sure it adds up to the total price from the selected items on the table if not it should not allow the staff to proceed. a checkbox asking staffs to confirm that payments have been received before submitting, a grand total section which shows grand total, a submit button that submits which when clicked brings up a confirmation popup where staffs can review order before final submission. during this process the submit button can only be clicked once per order, after submitting an order it should refresh the page immediately, it should avoid and reject duplicate submission of same order at the same time both online and offline. the take order page comes with its history page where all the data are being stored and can be accessed on future dates with proper filter handling and storage pattern. the transfer/cards should also have its own personal history which shows the amount, bank, date, time, staff that collected payment which should be regarded as transfer history. these will mean addition of 2 new pages for both histories but they can be accessed from the take order page through their button links.

2. create a stock record page with a sleek glass morphism table with smart columns of opening(read only field), import(read only field), cash supply(read only field), credit supply(read only field), not supplied(read only field which updates automatically from the quantity column from the not supplied record form ), supplied today(read only field which updates automatically from the quantity column from the supplied today record form), to packing store(editable), from packing store(read only field), closing. import is coming from import records, opening today = yesterdays closing, cash supply is coming from the take order from cash, credit supply values are coming from the supplies from credit, from packing store is coming from the to sales column in the packing store record, not supplied values are coming from the quantity column from the not supplied record page, when values are inputted in the to packing store column here and submitted it gets updated automatically in the from sales column in the pack store record, closing = opening + import - cash supply - credit supply + not supplied - supplied today - to packing store + packing store, this is the calculation logic too implement on this table and it should happen in real time effectively. this also has its history page where all the records for each day are being stored effectively and can be accessed on a later date with proper filter options.

3. create a Packing store record page with a sleek glass morphism table with smart columns of opening(read only field), to packing store(editable), from packing store(editable), balance in packing store(editable), from sales(coming from to packing store column in the stock record which is a read only field), to sales(editable field which when inputted and submitted, the values get updated in the from packing store column in the stock record for the respective products), remarks for balance in packing store(this is the remark inputted by staffs for balance in packing store and gets stored in the history accurately which values stored will be stored properly per dates and time it was stored), closing = opening - to packing store + from packing store + from sales - to sales, balance in packing store(this is not added in the closing value calculation but it can be inputted and get stored in the history adequately which is an editable field and the values are carried over to the next day), this also has its history page where all the inputs from the table are recorded in a smart way with proper filter options.

4. create a debtors record page with a sleek glassmorphism card with debtors name(only registered by admins) and amount owed, when you click any of the cards, staff can either take new order for the debtor or clear debt or part of the debt, if staff clicks on order, a section reveals a table with smart columns of items, price, quantity, discount, total but this form now is without payment method, after taking order staff simply clicks on submit which will add up to their previous debts, if staff clicks on clear debt, a payment method now comes up in the form which include transfer/cards, cash, included in home calculation(which can only be selected by admin and an amount inputted by admin which subtracts the amount from the debt of the particular user but staffs will only be able to see the amount inputted by admin and cannot edit or input anything in that field), the same logic from the transfer/cards and cash payment from the take order form applies here, when combining both payment methods and also when staff clicks on transfer/cards, bank options should come up with moniepoint mfb and access bank plc as the options and moniepoint mfb as the default selected option, note you cannot select both banks at the same time. debtors can only be registered by admin. included in home calculation has its field where amount can be inputted by only admins, the debt balance should display on the glassmorphism cards for the user and also on their forms. this has its own history page, it shows the progress of all transaction process from the onset to the very event that happened last, make it smart to handle this in a professional way such as today order was taken, this is the balance, included in home calculation, this is the balance, just make sure it goes accordingly. handle this history properly, when the card is clicked, the debtors name and amount should be on top of the form.

5. create a Expenses page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of Expense description, Amount, total. this also has its own history where it records the expense description for each day, the amount for each day and total for each day with proper filter options.

6. create a Import Record page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of Item(already created by admin which appears on all tables), Quantity, Sender, Drivers Name, Remark. all the fields are editable. it also has its history page where all the details are being stored accurately with the name of staff date and time the record was being taken. note the import quantity columns for each day for products gets updated automatically in real time in the import column for corresponding items in the stock record form for each day after being submitted.

7. create a Not Supplied Record page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of item, quantity(it automatically gets updated in the not supplied column for corresponding products in the stock record form in real time after being inputted and submitted), customer name, remark, a checkbox column where staffs can tick that the particular items even on future dates, staffs can go back to previous dates in the history and tick that the particular item has been supplied which now renders that particular history non tickable again( so basically after they have supplied an item for a later day, they can come back and tick previous dates) . this also has its history page with adequate filter options and storage pattern. this history should show all items not supplied for each day accurately, the history should be smart, with dates and time column inclusive

8. create a supplied today page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of item, quantity(it automatically gets updated in the supplied today column for corresponding products in the stock record form in real time after being inputted and submitted), customers name, remark. this has its own history where all the details are being stored with filter options accurately. also including the time and date with staff name who attended to the record.

9. create a take order product summary page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of item, quantity(coming from the take order form quantity column from products being ordered for a particular day), staff that took the order, date and time, total quantity. there should be accurate fiilter options to be able to access previous product summaries. after each day the values reset to 0 and start counting for new orders taken in a new day. add any other necessary analytics for this page i might be leaving out.

10. create a credit order product summary page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns of item, quantity(coming from the credit order form quantity column from products being ordered for a particular day), staff that took the order, date and time, total quantity. there should be accurate fiilter options to be able to access previous product summaries. after each day the values reset to 0 and start counting for new orders taken in a new day. add any other necessary analytics for this page i might be leaving out.

11. create a cash out page with a sleek glass morphism table with smart columns of amount( inputted by staff), payment method(transfer/cards which brings out the bank options of moniepoint mfb and access bank plc which is on moniepoint mfb by default) which after they click on register to record the cash out which will appear in the financial summary and gets stored in the financial summary history for future references for each day.

12. create a financial summary page with a sleek glass morphism table with smart columns of total sales(coming from take order), transfer/cards (coming from the take order), transfer/cards (coming from cash out), transfer/cards(coming from debtors which wont be added in the calculation but will get stored in the financial summary history), debtors cash(coming from cash from the debtors page which will be included in the calculation), expenses( the total expenses for the day), old cash (cash left from yesterday), cash to bank(manually inputted by staffs), cash sales(coming from the take order which wont be included in the calculation but will be stored), cash left ( total sales(from take order) - transfer/cards(from take order) - transfer/cards(from cashout) + debtors cash - expenses + old cash - cash to bank). it has its own history page where all the details are stored accurately with proper filter options. it should be super smart.

13. create a transfer history page with a sleek glassmorphism table with smart columns from the take order which is solely considering all the money paid in transfer/cards from the take order form not considering cash at all. there is also a cashout section for transfer/cards coming from the cashout page well indicated so staffs know which is coming from the take order and which is coming from the cashout.

14. create a reconciliation calendar page with a sleek glassmorphism where 2 admins not 1 get to tick each date to indicate they have reconciled that day which after the date stays disabled, but if a day passes without being reconciled, they can come back to reconcile that day which after it now becomes disabled. it should also have its history for staffs to see dates that have been reconciled and those which have not been reconciled. 

15. if you understood this, give me the perfect plugin for this